Release 2.7.1 (#625)
pascalaubry/papi-web: TAG_MESSAGE.txt

First bugfix update of Sharly Chess version 2.7

- Forbid access to arbiters' pages for unauthorized clients
- Normalized ChessEvent players' names
- Fixed and added columns to the players ODS export

> - Reduced reaction times when entering results on the Pairings tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reduced reaction time when entering results on the Pairings tab
```

Reviewer: Same for the release notes, actually

> First fix of Sharly Chess 2.7
> 
> - Forbid access to arbiters' pages for unauthorized clients
> - Normalized ChessEvent players' names
> - Fixed and added columns to the players ODS export
> - Reduced reaction times when entering results on the Pairings tab
> - Accept no players in screen families

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First bugfix update of Sharly Chess verison 2.7

- Forbid access to arbiters' pages for unauthorized clients
- Normalized ChessEvent players' names
- Fixed and added columns to the players ODS export
- Improved perceived performance of results entry on the Pairings tab
- Fix a bug where families with zero items are not accessible and may freeze the application
```
